README.md, before:

# 🌸 Lakshya — Student Dashboard

**Lakshya (लक्ष्य)** means *goal*.  
Lakshya is a modern, frontend-first **student productivity dashboard** built with **Next.js**, designed to help students stay focused, organized, and consistent through a calm, minimal, and visually pleasing interface.

This project currently focuses on **UI/UX, animations, and responsiveness**, with authentication and dashboard features planned for later phases.

---

## ✨ Vision

Students often struggle with scattered tools, distractions, and cluttered interfaces.  
Lakshya aims to provide:

- A **single calm space** for students
- Minimal distractions
- Clear focus on goals and progress
- Aesthetic design that feels motivating, not overwhelming

---

## 🚀 Features

### ✅ Implemented (Current)
- 🌿 Glassmorphism UI (lavender + white theme)
- 🧭 Fixed navbar with smooth scrolling
- 🏠 Single-page landing experience
- 📱 Fully responsive design (mobile, tablet, desktop)
- 🧩 Modular, reusable React components
- 📄 About & Blog sections
- ⚡ Clean Next.js App Router structure

### 🛠 Planned (Upcoming)
- 🔐 Authentication (login & signup)
- 📊 Student dashboard
- 📝 Tasks & deadlines tracker
- 🔗 Study links manager
- ⏱ Focus / Pomodoro timer
- 🎞 Framer Motion animations
- 🌙 Dark mode
- ☁️ Deployment on Vercel

---

## 🗂 Project Structure
app/
├── components/
│ ├── Navbar.tsx
│ ├── Hero.tsx
│ ├── AboutSection.tsx
│ ├── BlogSection.tsx
│ └── Footer.tsx
│
├── page.tsx # Landing page
├── about/page.tsx # About page
├── blog/page.tsx # Blog page

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Next.js (App Router)**
- **React**
- **TypeScript**
- **Tailwind CSS**
- *(Planned)* Authentication & animation libraries

---

## ⚙️ Getting Started (Local Setup)

### 1️⃣ Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/lakshya.git
cd lakshya
2️⃣ Install dependencies
npm install

Commit message:

Update README with new sections and remove project structure
Removed project structure section and added contributing, license, and author information.

README.md, after:

# 🌸 Lakshya — Student Dashboard

**Lakshya (लक्ष्य)** means *goal*.  
Lakshya is a modern, frontend-first **student productivity dashboard** built with **Next.js**, designed to help students stay focused, organized, and consistent through a calm, minimal, and visually pleasing interface.

This project currently focuses on **UI/UX, animations, and responsiveness**, with authentication and dashboard features planned for later phases.

---

## ✨ Vision

Students often struggle with scattered tools, distractions, and cluttered interfaces.  
Lakshya aims to provide:

- A **single calm space** for students
- Minimal distractions
- Clear focus on goals and progress
- Aesthetic design that feels motivating, not overwhelming

---

## 🚀 Features

### ✅ Implemented (Current)
- 🌿 Glassmorphism UI (lavender + white theme)
- 🧭 Fixed navbar with smooth scrolling
- 🏠 Single-page landing experience
- 📱 Fully responsive design (mobile, tablet, desktop)
- 🧩 Modular, reusable React components
- 📄 About & Blog sections
- ⚡ Clean Next.js App Router structure

### 🛠 Planned (Upcoming)
- 🔐 Authentication (login & signup)
- 📊 Student dashboard
- 📝 Tasks & deadlines tracker
- 🔗 Study links manager
- ⏱ Focus / Pomodoro timer
- 🎞 Framer Motion animations
- 🌙 Dark mode
- ☁️ Deployment on Vercel

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Next.js (App Router)**
- **React**
- **TypeScript**
- **Tailwind CSS**
- *(Planned)* Authentication & animation libraries

---

🤝 Contributing

This is a personal learning and portfolio project.
Suggestions, ideas, and improvements are welcome.

📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

🌟 Author

Built with focus and intention by Shreya ✨
Lakshya — because goals deserve clarity.

2️⃣ Install dependencies
npm install
